CSS: move block-level and inline-level pages from HTML to CSS (#25891)
mdn/content: files/en-us/learn/css/css_layout/normal_flow/index.md

The process begins as the boxes of individual elements are laid out in such a way that any padding, border, or margin they happen to have is added to their content. This is what we call the **box model**.

> By default, a [block-level element](/en-US/docs/Glossary/Block-level_content)'s content fills the available inline space of the parent element containing it and the element grows along the block dimension to accommodate its content. The size of [inline-level elements](/en-US/docs/Glossary/Inline-level_content) is just the size of their content. You can set width or height on some inline elements, like an `img` tag but its display property will still remain `inline`. If you want to control the `display` property of an inline element in this manner, you need to set it to behave like a block-level element (e.g., with `display: block;` or `display: inline-block;`, which mixes characteristics from both).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, a [block-level element](/en-US/docs/Glossary/Block-level_content)'s content fills the available inline space of the parent element containing it, growing along the block dimension to accommodate its content. The size of [inline-level elements](/en-US/docs/Glossary/Inline-level_content) is just the size of their content. You can set {{cssxref("width")}} or {{cssxref("height")}} on some elements that have a default {{cssxref("display")}} property value of `inline`, like {{HTMLElement("img")}}, but `display` value will still remain `inline`. 

If you want to control the `display` property of an inline-level element in this manner, use CSS to set it to behave like a block-level element (e.g., with `display: block;` or `display: inline-block;`, which mixes characteristics from both).
```

> By default, a [block-level element](/en-US/docs/Glossary/Block-level_content)'s content fills the available inline space of the parent element containing it and the element grows along the block dimension to accommodate its content. The size of [inline elements](/en-US/docs/Glossary/Inline-level_content) is just the size of their content. You can't set width or height on inline elements — they just sit inside the content of block level elements — except for images. Unlike other inline elements, images can be resized without changing their `display` property. If you want to control the size of an inline element in this manner, you need to set it to behave like a block level element (e.g., with `display: block;` or `display: inline-block;`, which mixes characteristics from both).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, a [block-level element](/en-US/docs/Glossary/Block-level_content)'s content fills the available inline space of the parent element containing it with the element growing in the block dimension to accommodate its content. 

The size of [inline-level elements](/en-US/docs/Glossary/Inline-level_content) is the size of their content. You can't set width or height on non-replaced inline elements — they just sit inside the content of block-level elements. Unlike other inline elements, replaced inline-level elements, including images and form controls, can be resized without changing their `display` property. If you want to control the size of a non-replaced inline element in this manner, you need to set it to behave like a block-level element (e.g., with `display: block;` or `display: inline-block;`, which mixes characteristics from both).
```

Reviewer: see https://codepen.io/estelle/pen/wvYovVr
